Hello, we are cooking Turkish
kefir soup
i started bass for this i will need 1
a glass of yogurt is one such work
will need
here we add the praised and I cooked 2
dining rooms
2 and a half tablespoons of rice now
This rice is added here.
add
here and the yolk and white now need here
add 4 cups of water water can
replace the broth or you can half
mean half water and replace broth
here are two glasses
I add it all here in the year
mix I turned on distract
in the family add one tablespoon of flour
vegetable oil
starting to fry
here I add dried mint to flour and
actually you need to add a baby floor
it's so much like red flakes
colors are peppers so i think that
these are red pepper seeds but not exactly
I know he means the door I don't have me
add red in front but not in small
quantity though really need
use half bads shuffle it
good heat
add salt
almost all this is ready mix
flour and mint
salt and pepper
soup now
mix means mint flour and butter here we are
add we will not do it
never pour soup in a plate
we rise from the top means this mixture
means
peppermint buttered flour now I'll show you how
it's done
the soup is ready and it looks like this on
today all bye